Update page for Docker Desktop for Linux tech preview (#14199)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/linux/index.md

1. Set up the [Docker repository](../../engine/install/ubuntu.md#install-using-the-repository).
2. Download and install the Tech Preview Debian package:
    ```console
    $ curl https://desktop-stage.docker.com/linux/main/amd64/74134/docker-desktop.deb --output docker-desktop.deb
    $ sudo apt install ./docker-desktop.deb
    ```

> 3. Check whether the user belongs to `docker` and `kvm` groups. You may need to restart the host to load the group configuration (automated in post-install script). 

Reviewer: Is there no way for the user to just reload his groups ?
Traditionnally `su $(whoami)` should open a shell with the new groups available.

Author: We are already doing a daemon reload in the post-install script. We wanted just to have users check that worked.

Reviewer: You know like me that we don't like to reboot our linux machines 😄 
There are two parts : the system service, and the user access to the services.
So for the systemd service, I don't know if systemd is able to handle the new groups as the user is added into them or if the user need to be member of the group before the session service starts. But in that case, a logout/login cycle should be sufficient.
And for the user access to the services `su $USER` should do the trick.
But I agree I haven't tested it

> There are a few post-install configurations done via the maintainers' scripts (postinstall script contained in the deb package):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are a few post-install configuration steps done through the maintainers' scripts (post-install script contained in the deb package):
```

> - for each user we do:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For each user, the post-install script:
```

>     - install systemd units

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - installs systemd units
```

>     - configure `desktop-linux` as the default docker cli context

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - configures `desktop-linux` as the default Docker CLI context
```

>     - install compose and scan plugins to `~/.docker/cli-plugins`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - installs Compose and the `docker scan` plugins to `~/.docker/cli-plugins`
```

>     - enable compose V2 as the default docker-compose

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - enables Compose V2 as the default `docker-compose`
```

>     - add user to `docker` and `kvm` group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - adds user to `docker` and `kvm` groups
```

> - set capability on the Docker Desktop binary to be allowed to map privileged ports and set resource limits

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- sets the capability on the Docker Desktop binary to map privileged ports and set resource limits
```

> - add a dns name for kubernetes to `/etc/hosts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- adds a DNS name for Kubernetes to `/etc/hosts`
```

> - create the desktop file for the applciation launcher

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- creates the Docker Desktop file for the application launcher
```

## Logs

> To create and upload a diagnostics bundle select

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create and upload a diagnostics bundle, from the Docker menu, select
```

> To create and upload a diagnostics bundle select

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create and upload a diagnostics bundle:

1. From the Docker menu, select **Troubleshoot** > **Get support**.
2. When the diagnostics are available, click **Upload to get a Diagnostic ID**.
3. Make a note of the Diagnostic ID displayed on the Support page. You can send this ID with your bug report to investigate any issues.
```

## Known issues

>  - Docker CLI login flow presents some inconsistencies that are under investigation. If problems are encountered when trying to log in, remove the `credsStore` property from `~/.docker/config.json` and restart Docker Desktop (run either 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The Docker CLI login flow has some inconsistencies that we are currently investigation. If you experience any issues when trying to log in, remove the `credsStore` property from `~/.docker/config.json` and restart Docker Desktop (run either 
```

Reviewer 3: If you remove `credStore` property, you will need to close the dashboard and reopen it to get in sync with the cli state.

 `systemctl --user restart docker-desktop` or quit Docker Desktop and relaunch).

>    * Docker Desktop stores the passwords in base-64 encoded plaintext, integration with `pass` is work in progress.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Docker Desktop stores the passwords in base-64 encoded plaintext, integration with `pass` is work in progress.
```

>    * Docker Desktop stores the passwords in base-64 encoded plaintext, integration with `pass` is work in progress.

Reviewer: What happens after the release, will we store all the password in pass, and remove that in the credStore?

Reviewer 3: WDYM @fredericdalleau? `pass` is the credStore

Author: Yes, this is the current plan.

Reviewer 3: Plaintext is saved as base64 "user:pass" in config.json when we don't use any credStore

Reviewer: Yes I mean remove the paintext password. We don't want a user that installs the tech preview, and later updates his docker and still have a password stored in plaintext (or base64 it's the same) left on the host.
HOwever, if it wasn't clear, I'm strongly against storing the password in plain text or base64. Just do the pass integration and we are done. The risk isn't worth the reward imho.

>  - Integration with the scan plugin is still work in progress. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Integration with the `docker scan` plugin is still a work in progress. 
```
